Mstone building instructions

You need cmake-2.4.4 (or later) and a C compiler (e.g. gcc) to build
mstone.  Ubuntu 6.10 (Edgy Eft), Fedora 7, and OpenSuse 10.3 and later
releases ship with a compatible version of cmake.  You can download
cmake from here: http://www.cmake.org.  If cmake complains about bad
INSTALL rules, then you have an old version.

You will need perl-5.6 (or later) and gnuplot-4 to run mstone.

Do:
    ccmake CMakeLists.txt (edit options, type 'c', repeat, then type 'g')
    make
    make install


Configuration notes:

Don't try to run anything from the build tree!  The scripts will
create some links that confuse "make install".  The proper layout for
the scripts is created during "make install".  If you get an "FILE
INSTALL cannot copy" error, remove any broken symbolic links and then
re-run the install.

See src/README-svn.txt for notes about the subversion module.

APR_CONFIG and SVN_CLIENT_LIB are required to build the SVN support.  If
you aren't going to build SVN, then it's OK for them to be NOT_FOUND.

The SOCK_SSL option will only appear once SSL_LIB and CRYPTO_LIB are found.

The DYNAMIC_THROTTLE option will only appear if USE_EVENTS is enabled.

Enable SOCK_LINESPEED for line speed emulation support (latency and
bandwidth parameters).

The SVN_MODULE option will only appear once APR_CONFIG and
SVN_CLIENT_LIB are valid.  Hit 'c' for cmake to notice the changes and
bring up any new options.  SVN_MODULE also needs a valid GSS_LIB (the
cmake configuration should be smarter about detecting this).

Setting DISABLE_THREADS can help with debugging.  The thread count
argument to mailclient will be ignored and test data will be sporadic.

For a complete list of build options, do "cmake -i CMakeLists.txt".
You can see the current configuration options like this: "cmake -L
CMakeLists.txt".  You can find other make targets by doing "make
help".  Note that you need to configure the install path in cmake
(i.e. you can't set it during "make install").


The perl style can be set in emacs with the following lines:
(require 'cperl-mode)
(defalias 'perl-mode 'cperl-mode)
(cperl-set-style "PerlStyle")
